Container healthcheck and api stats (#146)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_monitoring-container-health-and-api-status.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// <List assemblies here, each on a new line>

// This module can be included from assemblies using the following include statement:
// include::<path>/ref_manifest-override-parameters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// The file name and the ID are based on the module title. For example:
// * file name: ref_my-reference-a.adoc
// * ID: [id='ref_my-reference-a_{context}']
// * Title: = My reference A
//
// The ID is used as an anchor for linking to the module. Avoid changing
// it after the module has been published to ensure existing links are not
// broken.
//
// The `context` attribute enables module reuse. Every module's ID includes
// {context}, which ensures that the module has a unique ID even if it is
// reused multiple times in a guide.
//
// In the title, include nouns that are used in the body text. This helps
// readers and search engines find information quickly.

> [id="monitoring-container-health-and-api-status_{context}"]

Reviewer: @pleimer Hi Paul, 
I converted this file to asciidoc and edited it. Can you perform a review of all of the text in this file? Thanks!

Author: I will, thanks for doing the conversion!

= Monitoring container health and API status

Container health assesses the status of each of the {OpenStack} service containers

> by periodically running a health check script using the docker standard.

Reviewer: Leif's comment from previous PR: Should Docker be capitalized? Also we're using podman in 16.1 so I think the more correct term is OCI? (Open Container Initiative)

I'm not actually sure what the correct term is here. @csibbitt do you know?

Reviewer: @mcljot do you know if the correct term is OCI (Open Container Initiative)?

Reviewer: Update, @mcljot and myself both didn't know the answer to this. After some research, I think OCI is the correct term. @csibbitt if you would like to concur, that would be great

And for completeness @leifmadsen, when we refer to Docker and Podman in conceptual text (not commands), yes  the first letters should be capitalizied. Thanks for bringing that up, good to know for future work :)

Reviewer: Update, @mcljot and myself both didn't know the answer to this. After some research, I think OCI is the correct term. @csibbitt if you would like to concur, that would be great

And for completeness @leifmadsen, when we refer to Docker and Podman in conceptual text (not commands), yes  the first letters should be capitalizied. Thanks for bringing that up, good to know for future work :)

Reviewer 2: I think we can move forward using OCI. Thanks!

Author: OCI seems like the correct term

Most {OpenStack} services implement a healthcheck that logs issues and returns a
binary status. For the {OpenStack} APIs, the healthchecks
query the root endpoint and determine the health based on the response time.

To monitor healthchecks in {ProjectShort}, you must enable and configure the `collectd-sensubility` plugin to work with the `amqp1` protocol. The {ProjectShort} architecture considers healthcheck results to be events and are stored in ElasticSearch.

.Prerequisites

> * You have created the `stf-connectors.yaml` file. For more information, see xref:configuring-red-hat-openstack-platform-overcloud-for-stf_completing-the-stf-configuration[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You have created the `stf-connectors.yaml` file in your templates directory. For more information, see xref:configuring-red-hat-openstack-platform-overcloud-for-stf_completing-the-stf-configuration[].
```

* You are using the most current version of {OpenStack} {OpenStackVersion}.

.Procedure

> . Open the `stf-connectors.yaml` and edit the `collectd-sensubility` paramater:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Open the `stf-connectors.yaml` and edit the `collectd-sensubility` parameter:
```

+
----
CollectdSensubilityTransport: amqp1
----

> . If you have a multicloud environment, you must configure `collectd-sensubility` events channel with the new collectd events address. Edit the `stf-connectors.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If  your environment has multiple clouds, configure `collectd-sensubility` events channel with the new collectd events address. Edit the `stf-connectors.yaml` file:
```

> . If  your environment has multiple clouds, configure `collectd-sensubility` events channel with the new collectd events address. Edit the `stf-connectors.yaml` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. If your environment has multiple clouds, configure `collectd-sensubility` events channel with the new collectd events address. Edit the `stf-connectors.yaml` file:
```

> . If  your environment has multiple clouds, configure `collectd-sensubility` events channel with the new collectd events address. Edit the `stf-connectors.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If  your environment has multiple clouds, configure the `collectd-sensubility` events channel with the new collectd events address. Edit the `stf-connectors.yaml` file:
```

> . If  your environment has multiple clouds, configure the `collectd-sensubility` events channel with the new collectd events address. Edit the `stf-connectors.yaml` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. If your environment has multiple clouds, configure the `collectd-sensubility` events channel with the new collectd events address. Edit the `stf-connectors.yaml` file:
```

+
----
CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel: collectd/cloudprefix-notify
----

.Additional resources

> For more information about multi-cloud addresses, see xref:configuring-multiple-clouds_advanced-features[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about multiple cloud addresses, see xref:configuring-multiple-clouds_advanced-features[].
```
